okay get ready today i'll show you
different riddles
and you'll have to decide which girl is
behaving least
wisely which is a nicer way of saying
she's a dunderhead
you'll have seven seconds to decide the
riddles may award
1.2 points or three points so grab a
piece of paper and give yourself the
points each time you get it right
we'll start with the easiest questions
that earn one point each
autumn and hope are going for a walk
with their friends
it's 60 degrees outside who is dressed
in the worst
way
[Music]
hope autumn can take some of her clothes
off
but hope doesn't have anything to wear
in case she feels cold
ava and olivia are camping in a forest
suddenly they
encounter a bear on their trail ava
stands still
and olivia starts to run away who is in
danger
olivia the bear might see her as prey
and follow
and he's definitely faster so it's
better to keep your cool
and slowly move backwards keeping the
eye contact
[Music]
haley and savannah are making sandwiches
for lunch
who did something terribly wrong
hayley she put rat poison in the
sandwich instead of jelly
delaney is on the road trip and stopped
to make a couple of pictures
lenore is riding a bike to a nearby city
who isn't being smart
delaney she parked her car right under
the sign that says
parking isn't allowed jane and charlotte
are learning how to swim
jane went to the lake with her little
siblings and charlotte went to the ocean
with her friends
they both jumped in the water alone
who's in greater danger
jane in case she struggles her little
siblings won't be able to pull her out
mckenna and desiree are late for school
so they're taking a shortcut
mckenna takes the way through the woods
and desiree
decides to go across a frozen lake who's
in danger
desiree there are cracks on the lake
surface
ruby and mary were enjoying their time
outside when a storm started
ruby hid in her car in the open space
and mary kept swimming in the ocean
who is not safe
mary should get out immediately it's
dangerous to touch water during a
thunderstorm
it's okay to hide in a hard top vehicle
as ruby did
okay easy questions are over next
questions will give you two points each
paige and riley are going on a date but
they tell their parents they're
practicing
instead paige plays tennis and riley
plays soccer
who's the worst conspirator
riley she's dressed inappropriately for
a soccer game
unlike paige she doesn't have any change
of clothes or equipment with her
quinn and sandra are working in a garden
quinn was told to water the flowers
and sandra should mow the lawn who's
doing something wrong
[Music]
quinn she was told to water the flowers
but she's watering the trees
[Music]
everly and jasmine drove to a mall
everly left her belongings in the car
and jasmine locked her dog there while
she's shopping
who's being more stupid
jasmine you shouldn't leave animals or
people in a closed car
especially in the hot sun it's the wrong
way to get a hot dog
mia and stella wanted to get a tattoo
and skip their classes to get home right
after school
when they get home they immediately run
into their parents
who's going to get in trouble
stella her tattoo is right on her wrist
and there's no way her parents won't
notice it immediately
hannah's best friend is teaching her ice
skating and lily is learning to ride a
bike with her older brother
after several minutes they feel like
they've got it and ride away from their
supervisors very fast
who's least careful
[Music]
lily hannah has the railing by her side
that she can grab in case she falls
lily will crash to the ground
kylie and abby are bloggers getting
ready for a party
who is missing something
kylie she's charging her cell phone but
the cord is unplugged
melanie and delilah are walking home
from work late in the night
which of the two isn't being careful
melanie although she's walking in a less
creepy place
there are no people around if something
happens
no one will be around to help her
sophia and brooke went camping in the
forest suddenly they notice a moose
moving towards them
who is in greater danger
sophia who is wearing heels and will run
slower
brooke can drop her huge backpack and
use it as an obstacle
kira and ava want to go to a party but
their parents
banned them from leaving the house cara
decided to sneak out
using the attic window while ava used
the back door
who won't make it to the party tonight
ava kara is quite risky but ava's dad is
reading a newspaper in the backyard
maya and chloe went for a walk maya went
to a forest and stopped to take selfies
with a friendly squirrel she met
chloe went hiking and decided to take a
selfie on the cliff
who is in danger
maya the branch above her is about to
fall
maeve and sarah are cheating on their
math test who is more likely to be
caught
sarah although she's sitting in the back
the teacher's looking right at her
bella and ashley came home from a party
which they told their parents would be a
study date
who's going to be grounded till the end
of the month
bella she'll have a hard time coming up
with a logical explanation for the
confetti in her hair
elizabeth and kate are late for work so
they're driving above the speed limit
which of them is in greater danger kate
she has many objects lying scattered in
her car in case of an accident
they may hit her ariana and serena
have to do their house chores before
they'll be allowed to go to the birthday
party
who is going to be late
[Music]
ariana the iron isn't plugged in since
she's distracted with the tv
it might take her a while to notice
and finally here are the hardest
questions that award three points each
jessica and margo are jaywalking jessica
is listening to music
and margot is texting her friend who is
in greater danger
jessica although they're both behaving
poorly margot is on a straight road
where she can be noticed
jessica is jaywalking before the road
takes a turn
someone might not have enough time to
react and stop
julia and naya are taking a vacation to
the jungles
julia got tangled up in lyanna's and
naya got stuck in quicksand
who's in danger
juliet she can't get out and there's a
jaguar approaching her
naya is relatively fine because it's
actually difficult to sink in quicksand
leah and her friend caleb went camping
caleb was bitten by a snake
and leah is sucking the venom out of his
leg
amelia is on the trip as well and
there's a black widow on her neck
who is in danger
leah it's dangerous to suck out the
venom as for amelia
black widows rarely bite and the bites
are rarely fatal
becky and alison are both in a bathtub
doing their morning routine
becky is using the hairdryer allison is
charging her phone while scrolling
through the internet
who is less clever
allison it's dangerous enough to have a
socket close to the water
but allison is charging her phone becky
is sitting in the empty bathtub
she might be a little weird but at least
she's safe
evelyn and grace are on vacation evelyn
is spending it
in a desert and grace is in the
wilderness
by the end of the day they get tired and
decide to spend the night where they are
who's making a huge mistake
[Music]
evelyn night temperature in the desert
can fall to 25 degrees fahrenheit and
she'll be freezing
grace's fire will scare away wild
animals
emma and avery are planning to go to the
movies with their friends tonight
meanwhile they're enjoying a hot summer
day who's not going to make it to the
movies
avery she's about to cook the meat that
has been standing in the sun for a while
in the evening she'll get food poisoning
scarlett and emily are sitting on a
beach in the city center
scarlett is applying makeup and emily is
texting her friends
who is more likely to be robbed
emily although they're both distracted
at least scarlett has a mirror in her
hands
and can see if someone is approaching
her
[Music]
ella and madison are driving to their
friend's birthday party
ella is chatting on the phone with her
boyfriend while madison is applying
lipstick
who is in greater danger
madison although they both shouldn't be
distracted while driving
madison isn't wearing a seatbelt
now sum up your points if you got less
than 25 points
you scored below average but but don't
be sad
check out some of our other riddles to
train if you've got between 26 and 40
points
you have an average score and you're on
the right track
if you scored between 41 and 55 you're
above average
and if you scored 56 or more you must be
a second einstein
relatively speaking